Your forecasting model should include
features which capture all the important
properties of the time series,
patterns of variation in level of trend,
effects of seasonality and
removing autocorrelation.
Moreover, the assumptions on which you
base your chosen model should agree with
your intuition about how the time series
is likely to behave in the future
when fitting a forecasting model.
We can used a series of identifiers
that help us choose the best model.
We'll compare criteria like
residual plots, forecasting errors,
the Akaike information
criteria from our ETS and
ARIMA models that we've constructed
from earlier lessons as our basis.
How are we supposed to compare
forecast results against models,
if the forecasts or
really just theoretical values?
Well that brings us to our next
lesson on holdout samples.